Kathy usually gets up at 6:30, but this morning she didn't hear her alarm.
As a result, she overslept.
She didn't get up until 7:00, 30 minutes later than usual.
As a result, she didn't have time to cook breakfast for her children.

Today, Kathy and her kids left home early.
They usually leave home at 7:30, but today they left at 7:15.
They left early because they had to buy breakfast on their way to school.

It usually takes 45 minutes to drive her kids to school, but today it took longer.
It took them longer because they stopped for breakfast on the way.
It took 15 minutes for them to have breakfast.
They ate at a little coffee shop along the side of the road.
After eating breakfast, they got back into the car.

On most days, the traffic isn't too bad in the morning.
But this morning, is was much worse than usual.
The cars were moving very slowly.
As a result, it took them longer than usual to get to school.
One of her children got to school on time, but the other two were late.
They were late because their schools are farther away. 
They were both about 10 minutes late to school.

When Kathy finally got home, she cleaned house as usual.
She vacuumed the living room and cleaned to bathroom.
Then she talked with her friend on the phone as usual.
When she finished talking with her friend, she got into her car.
She put the key into the ignition, and tried to start the engine.
But her car's engine didn't start. 
Her car battery was dead, so she had to call for help.
After getting a new battery for her car, the engine started.
Then Kathy droved to the mall to meet her friend.
She arrived the mall an hour late, but her friend was waiting for her.
They had lunch together and then they went shopping.
They both bought new shoes and some things for their kids.
Kathy bought a new tie for her husband.

It's now 3:00 and everything is going as usual.
Kathy doesn't want anything else to go wrong.
She wants the rest of the day to go as usual.
She doesn't want any more surprises.
And tomorrow she won't oversleep.
She never wants to oversleep again.
